Today on this 2011 Chevrolet HHR we are going
to install part number RM-154 from Roadmaster.
This is their universal wiring kit.
The first thing we need to do is go ahead
and run the wires from front to rear with
the 4-pole flat.
And we are going to be using the big loop
for that purpose.
It has two ends on there.
And we are just going to chop off one end
and run that to the back.
OK, we are going to start off by attaching
our wire to the base plate of the vehicle
itself.
And we will allow for some extra length there
in case we want to change over to a different
type of connector.
Go ahead and zip-tie that off and then work
it towards the back of the vehicle.
When we run it to the back we want to make
sure that we stay away from anything moving
like the suspension or anything that gets
hot like the exhaust.
Everybody will run there wire a different
way, but those are the guidelines you want
to go by.
We need to run our wires to the inside of
the body to get to our wire harness.
So basically what we are going to do is this
corner right here on the sheet metal is we
are going to go ahead and drill a hole out.
And we will install a grommet and then run
our wires through the inside.
1:03
OK, we will take our wire.
We will push it on the inside and then we
will go ahead and secure it.
And then we will go ahead and fill up the
remaining opening with some silicone.
Let us go ahead and pull out our wire harness
that we just ran to the inside.
Now we will go ahead and disconnect the wire
harness to the turn signal and running light,
which is the one on top.
And just pull on this tab a little bit and
it comes right apart.
And you will also see that it has another
wire harness already added to it.
This is from a previous install.
This is going to be the spot where we are
going to install our diodes.
So what we are going to do is simply take
this and move it up the wire a little bit.
We already tested our wire harness and we
know that the green wire is going to be our
turn signal and brake signal.
And the brown wire is going to be for the
running light circuit.
And our wire harness that we ran from the
front basically is going to be color for color.
Green is going to be our right turn and brake
signal and brown is going to be
our running light.
We will start with the right turn signal and
brake.
We will just cut the wire in half.
We will stripe the wires
back
and add our terminals to each side.
2:02